README.md, before:

# Timeless Emerald

## Credits

- Credits go to pokeemerald-expansion from rh-hideout and its contributors for being the basis of the hack.
    - See: https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki/Credits
- Thanks to Team Aqua's Hideout for its tutorial videos on Pokémon ROM Hacking.
- Thanks to KingOfThe-X-Roads for the hisuian Pokémon front Sprites being adapted in this hack.
- Thanks to kiriaura fot the Paradox Pokémon front Sprites being adapted in this hack.
- Credits for some gen 9 sprites and icons go to vent, red7246, axelloquedo, AlexandreV2.0, erkey830, kalibre, tay, soupercell, juniornoriega, lykeron, pcl.g, nikorasu[whackahack]
- Credits to Ezerart for some gen 9 icon sprites.
- Using the Draconeon Sprites from Pokémon Infinity.
- Using the Wyrdeer Back Sprite from darklight177.

## About

This is a Pokémon Emerald ROM-Hack being mostly based on Emerald but especially adding some Hisuian, Paradox and Custom Paradox Mons.

Additional Features
- Hisuian, Paradox and Custom Paradox Mons are added.
- Features of the pokeemerald-expansion are included such as Fairy Type, move category split, newer moves and some Mons up to Gen 8.
- Enemy Teams are adapted and changed.
- Some weaker Pokémon are changed and buffed
    - Castform e.g. has a basis of 90 in all stats and gets a sandstorm form
    - Eevee gets finally its Dragon Evolution (from Pokémon Infinity)
    - Some Pokémon get a custom mega evolution
    - Changes to Pokémon in this hack are documented in [mon_changelog.md](./mon_changelog.md)
. Some Events and Map Tiles are changed/added

# pokeemerald Expansion README (2023/02/11)
[Link to pokeemerald-expansion](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion)

## What is the pokeemerald Expansion?

The Pokeemerald Expansion is a collection of feature branches that can be integrated into existing [pokeemerald](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald) projects.

## What features are included?
- Upgraded battle engine.
    - Fairy Type.
    - Physical/Special/Status Category Split.
    - New moves and abilities up to SwSh.
    - Options to change behaviors and data by generation.
    - Mega Evolution and Primal Reversion
    - Z-Moves
- Pokémon Species from newer Generations (with the option to disable them if needed).
    - Updates Hoenn's Regional Dex to match ORAS'.
    - Updates National Dex incorporating all the new species.
    - Option to change base stats by generation.
    - New evolution methods.
    - Hidden Abilities data (How to make them available is up to the user).
- Items from newer Generations and updated item effects for battle and field use.

Certain mechanics, moves, abilities and species sprites are missing. For more information, see [the project's milestones](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/milestones).

### [Documentation on features can be found here](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki)

## Who maintains the project?

The project was originally started by DizzyEgg alongside other contributors.

The project has now gotten larger and DizzyEgg is now maintaining the project as part of the ROM Hacking Hideout community. Some members of this community are taking on larger roles to help maintain the project.

### Please consider crediting the entire [list of contributors](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki/Credits) in your project, as they have all worked hard to develop this project :)

## Can I contribute even if I'm not a member of ROM Hacking Hideout?

Yes! Contributions are welcome via Pull Requests and they will be reviewed by maintainers. Don't feel discouraged if we take a bit to review your PR, we'll get to it.

## What is ROM Hacking Hideout?

A Discord-based ROM hacking community that has many members who hack using the disassembly and decompilation projects for Pokémon. Quite a few contributors to the original feature branches by DizzyEgg were members of ROM Hacking Hideout. You can call it RHH for short!

[Click here to join the RHH Discord Server!](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)

Commit message:

add Wally theme and change league center theme

README.md, after:

# Timeless Emerald

## Credits

- Credits go to pokeemerald-expansion from rh-hideout and its contributors for being the basis of the hack.
    - See: https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki/Credits
- Thanks to Team Aqua's Hideout for its tutorial videos on Pokémon ROM Hacking.
- Thanks to KingOfThe-X-Roads for the hisuian Pokémon front Sprites being adapted in this hack.
- Thanks to kiriaura fot the Paradox Pokémon front Sprites being adapted in this hack.
- Credits for some gen 9 sprites and icons go to vent, red7246, axelloquedo, AlexandreV2.0, erkey830, kalibre, tay, soupercell, juniornoriega, lykeron, pcl.g, nikorasu[whackahack]
- Credits to Ezerart for some gen 9 icon sprites.
- Credits to F.L. Remix for the Wally Battle Theme in GBA soundfont.
    - see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ro5tRK9BwoE
- Using the Draconeon Sprites from Pokémon Infinity.
- Using the Wyrdeer Back Sprite from darklight177.

## About

This is a Pokémon Emerald ROM-Hack being mostly based on Emerald but especially adding some Hisuian, Paradox and Custom Paradox Mons.

Additional Features
- Hisuian, Paradox and Custom Paradox Mons are added.
- Features of the pokeemerald-expansion are included such as Fairy Type, move category split, newer moves and some Mons up to Gen 8.
- Enemy Teams are adapted and changed.
- Some weaker Pokémon are changed and buffed
    - Castform e.g. has a basis of 90 in all stats and gets a sandstorm form
    - Eevee gets finally its Dragon Evolution (from Pokémon Infinity)
    - Some Pokémon get a custom mega evolution
    - Changes to Pokémon in this hack are documented in [mon_changelog.md](./mon_changelog.md)
. Some Events and Map Tiles are changed/added

# pokeemerald Expansion README (2023/02/11)
[Link to pokeemerald-expansion](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion)

## What is the pokeemerald Expansion?

The Pokeemerald Expansion is a collection of feature branches that can be integrated into existing [pokeemerald](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald) projects.

## What features are included?
- Upgraded battle engine.
    - Fairy Type.
    - Physical/Special/Status Category Split.
    - New moves and abilities up to SwSh.
    - Options to change behaviors and data by generation.
    - Mega Evolution and Primal Reversion
    - Z-Moves
- Pokémon Species from newer Generations (with the option to disable them if needed).
    - Updates Hoenn's Regional Dex to match ORAS'.
    - Updates National Dex incorporating all the new species.
    - Option to change base stats by generation.
    - New evolution methods.
    - Hidden Abilities data (How to make them available is up to the user).
- Items from newer Generations and updated item effects for battle and field use.

Certain mechanics, moves, abilities and species sprites are missing. For more information, see [the project's milestones](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/milestones).

### [Documentation on features can be found here](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki)

## Who maintains the project?

The project was originally started by DizzyEgg alongside other contributors.

The project has now gotten larger and DizzyEgg is now maintaining the project as part of the ROM Hacking Hideout community. Some members of this community are taking on larger roles to help maintain the project.

### Please consider crediting the entire [list of contributors](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/wiki/Credits) in your project, as they have all worked hard to develop this project :)

## Can I contribute even if I'm not a member of ROM Hacking Hideout?

Yes! Contributions are welcome via Pull Requests and they will be reviewed by maintainers. Don't feel discouraged if we take a bit to review your PR, we'll get to it.

## What is ROM Hacking Hideout?

A Discord-based ROM hacking community that has many members who hack using the disassembly and decompilation projects for Pokémon. Quite a few contributors to the original feature branches by DizzyEgg were members of ROM Hacking Hideout. You can call it RHH for short!

[Click here to join the RHH Discord Server!](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)
